In the class we do have set out the profile settings page.
In this video the profile address page let's start by opening up our shop window.
In our anger and resolve directory and then tapping and regenerate component address then run the surf
in the window.
Now let's open up our text editor and open Roding would you
here we've imported address computer and declared as router.
Now let's go to the address component
instead of address component of imported the data service and the rest service and this then she did
them and said constructor which also created a button to say move variable and occur and just reboot.
You use the bound data from his TMF form
to ngi on any method we run every time the Pinterest visited.
So did you get to use a shipping address and then you check if the user doesn't have a shipping address
and no message is currently displayed.
If this is true the warning message or here would be displayed then just fetched from the API will be
assigned to the most current address.
If an error occurs you'll be catch the catch close here and the error message should be displayed.
Here we have our address Methot.
When the method is run up it but it would be disabled and then the new address we posted the link we're
here.
Once the response is received from the server will be assigned to reboot Rx then you check your success
is true if success is true success metrics would display and you get a user profile the else you display
error message.
If an error occurs error message should be displayed.
Once this is done up the button and they do it again.
Now let's open up our address component here.
Here you've created a container inside the address section which contains the heading my shipping address
the message and the loading spinner
here we create that our address for should only be displayed.
Want us to use this address has been loaded.
Now let's open up our registration component
now.
Upon successful registration users be redirected to the shipping address page where he or she would
be prompted to enter the shipping address.
In this we do have set up the profile address page in and X we do see a demonstration of learn the section.